TINKERPOP-2293 Improved landing pages for all GLVs (#1201)
apache/tinkerpop: gremlin-javascript/src/main/javascript/gremlin-javascript/README.md

npm install gremlin
```

Gremlin-Javascript is designed to connect to a "server" that is hosting a TinkerPop-enabled graph system. That "server" 
could be [Gremlin Server][gs] or a [remote Gremlin provider][rgp] that exposes protocols by which Gremlin-Javascript 
can connect.

A typical connection to a server running on "localhost" that supports the Gremlin Server protocol using websockets 
looks like this:

```javascript
const gremlin = require('gremlin');
const traversal = gremlin.process.AnonymousTraversalSource.traversal;
const DriverRemoteConnection = gremlin.driver.DriverRemoteConnection;

const g = traversal().withRemote(new DriverRemoteConnection('ws://localhost:8182/gremlin'));
```

> Once "g" has been established as a connection, it is then possible to start writing Gremlin traversals to query the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once "g" has been created using a connection, it is then possible to start writing Gremlin traversals to query the 
```
